# Kaeon FUSION

Kaeon FUSION is a dialect of the FUSION system.
It provide a relativley minialistic set of commands to work with at start up,
but one of the commands: the use command,
allows more commands to be integrated at runtime.

Thus, it's funtionality can be expanded to account for any development task.

## Basics

### Data Types

There is no limit on what data types can be generated by commands or stored by variables in Kaeon FUSION.

### Literals

An element with no children that does not match the name of a command or variable will be interpreted as a string literal.
In addition, any element whose content is encased in double quotes will return its content as a string literal,
minus the double quotes.

For example:

    Hello world

and:

    "Hello world"

will both return the same literal: the string "Hello world".

### Variables

An element with one child that does not match the name of a command will assign the value returned by its child to a variable with the alias being the element's content.

For example:

    x: Hello

will assign the string "Hello" to the variable "x", and:

    x: Goodbye

will overwrite the value stored in "x" with the string "Goodbye".

### Function Definitions

A function definition begins with the "Define" command.
Nested with the "Define" command is a string containing the name of the function.
Nested underneath the name of the function is the content of the function.

For example:

    Define: foo
        
        Command 1: Command Argument 1
        Command 2: Command Argument 1, Command Argument 2

### Function Calls

A defined function can be called by placing its name inside an element and nesting any arguments to be passed to the function within the element.

For example:

    Define: foo
        
        Command 1: Command Argument 1
        Command 2: Command Argument 1, Command Argument 2
    
    foo: Function Argument

will run "foo" with "Function Argument".

### Stored Function Calls

A unique feature of Kaeon FUSION is that after executing a function,
its namespace can be stored within a variable.

For example:

    Define: foo
        
        Command 1: Command Argument 1
        Command 2: Command Argument 1, Command Argument 2
    
    x: foo: Function Argument

will run "foo" with "Function Argument",
and then store the state of the function in "x".

### State and Scope

Every time Kaeon FUSION trickles down,
it generates a new scope.
Variables and functions generated by the children of a command are erased after the program bubbles back up to said command.
If the flow of the program jumps,
all scopes not shared by both the jumping and landing commands will be erased.

## Core Commands

The following commands are the only commands available without the use of an interface.
This is because the following commands require special accomodation from the interpreter.

### The Use Command

The Use command allows the user to add new commands to Kaeon FUSION's functionality by specifying the name of an interface.

For example:

    Use: Standard

will allow access to all of the commands in the standard interface,
such as commands for arithmetic, logic, and file IO, and more.

### The Import Command

The Import command will import the function defintions from a specified Kaeon FUSION file.

For example:

    Import: My Kaeon FUSION.op

will allow access to any functions defined in the root layer of My Kaeon FUSION.op.

### The Global Command

The Global command will make a given variable alias globally accessible.

For example:

    Global: x

or

    Global: x: 5

will prevent x from going out of scopr for the duration of the program's execution.

### The Catch Command

The Catch command will allow the program to instantly recover from a thrown exception.
If at any point an exception is thrown,
all subsequent commands will fail to activate until a catch command is reached.
The children of a catch command will be activated if and only if it catches an exception.

For example:

    Faulty Command: Bad Argument
    Normal Command 1
    Catch: Recover Command 1
    Normal Command 2
    Catch: Recover Command 2

Let's say that "Faulty Command" throws an exception due to "Bad Argument".
"Normal Command 1" will then be passed over,
and "Catch" will activate.
As a result,
both "Recover Command 1" and "Normal Command 1" will run.
However, "Recover Command 2" will not run as the exception has already been caught.

### The This Command

The This command will return a pointer to the state of the current script,
similar to how a function call returns a pointer to the function's state.

### The Arguments Command

It is possible to execute a Kaeon FUSION script or a Kaeon FUSION function with arguments.
The Arguments command returns a list containing the arguments that were passed to the script or function.

For example:

    Use: Standard
    
    Define: foo
        
        #[ The "Log Line" command comes from the standard interface,
           and prints the values returned by its children to the console. ]#

        Log Line: Arguments
    
    foo: 1, 2, 3

will print to the console:

    [1, 2, 3]

### The Return Command

It is possible for a Kaeon FUSION script or a Kaeon FUSION function to be called externally.
The Return command will terminate the currently executing function or script and return the value returned by its first child to the caller.

For example:
    
    Define: foo
        Return: y
    
    x: foo

will assign the value "y" to the variable "x".