[Home](https://github.com/Gallery-of-Kaeon/Kaeon-FUSION/tree/master/Kaeon%20FUSION/Documentation/README.md) /
[Back](https://github.com/Gallery-of-Kaeon/Kaeon-FUSION/tree/master/Kaeon%20FUSION/Documentation/1%20-%20Foundations/README.md) /
[Previous](https://github.com/Gallery-of-Kaeon/Kaeon-FUSION/tree/master/Kaeon%20FUSION/Documentation/1%20-%20Foundations/2%20-%20ONE%2B/1%20-%20Standard%20ONE%2B%20Directives/README.md) /
[Next](https://github.com/Gallery-of-Kaeon/Kaeon-FUSION/tree/master/Kaeon%20FUSION/Documentation/2%20-%20Interfaces%20and%20the%20Use%20Command/README.md)

# FUSION

FUSION is a system that allows any ONE document,
and by extension any ONE+ document to serve as code.

## Order of Operations

At the start,
FUSION must be given a ONE Element to start at and an integer to serve as a depth value.

### Step One

Based on the string encoded in the element,
FUSION will perform an operation.

### Step Two

If the element has no children, FUSION will skip to step three.

If the element does have children, then based on the string encoded in the element,
FUSION will decide whether or not to trickle down to the element's children.

If it decides to do so,
FUSION will shift focus the element's first child,
increment the depth value by one,
and jump back to step one.
Otherwise, FUSION will move to step three.

### Step Three

Based on the content of the element and any values generated by performing step three on the element's children,
FUSION will perform an operation and generate a value.

### Step Four

Based on the content of the element,
FUSION will decide whether to modify the depth value or shift focus to another element.

### Step Five

If the element is followed by a sibling element,
FUSION will shift focus to the next sibling and loop back to step one.

Otherwise, if the element has a parent and if the depth value is greater than zero,
FUSION will shift focus to the element's parent and decrement the depth value by one.

If the depth value is less than or equal to zero or if the element does not have a parent,
FUSION will terminate.

## Error Handling

If an error occurs during at any step,
FUSION will skip over the step and proceed as if nothing happened.